Click to 'Additional tools' header menu item
and select 'Steganography' -> 'Image' -> 'Inject'
Click on button chose fileto select image container
Select picture
Enter message, which you want to hide
You are able to see input and output images
and change size (however, this functionality is not fully implemented yet)
Click on blue header 'Settings' and expand
Select colors, which you going to use and their order
Select mode as 'Simple'
And set start index and step
Press 'Save key' button to store this key at your computer
Click 'Apply' button to apply the following settings
Click 'Inject message' button, then 'Inject on server'
(and wait for result)
Save result picture on your computer
(by default you have 'res' in the end of the name)
You could see the result of computed file
(no visible changes, right? :) )